README.md, before:

# Welcome to the Conferences App!

I created this web app for tech conferences because I've attended quite a few conferences since I've been on my coding journey and they all had a different focus/purpose. In the application, a user can sign up/log in and view other conferences added by other users as well as their own. Only a user can edit/delete a conference that they created. A user has many conferences and a conference belongs to a user. 

## Installation instructions

Install the corneal gem. More instructions --> https://github.com/thebrianemory/corneal. This gem was created by a former Flatiron School student built as a Sinatra application generator for future users who needed a simple Sinatra web application. 

## Demo

For a walkthrough of how the app works, view here: https://youtu.be/HIgFHaqZkYo

![conferences](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22036904/52188785-b304e980-2802-11e9-8f67-3c297a929d6c.gif)

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/AlwinaO/conferences. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the BestIcecream project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/AlwinaO/best_icecream/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Copyright <2019> <AlwinaO>

Commit message:

Added suggestions for feature updates to readme.md

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the Conferences App!

I created this web app for tech conferences because I've attended quite a few conferences since I've been on my coding journey and they all had a different focus/purpose. In the application, a user can sign up/log in and view other conferences added by other users as well as their own. Only a user can edit/delete a conference that they created. A user has many conferences and a conference belongs to a user. 

## Installation instructions

Install the corneal gem. More instructions --> https://github.com/thebrianemory/corneal. This gem was created by a former Flatiron School student built as a Sinatra application generator for future users who needed a simple Sinatra web application. 

## Demo

For a walkthrough of how the app works, view here: https://youtu.be/HIgFHaqZkYo

![conferences](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22036904/52188785-b304e980-2802-11e9-8f67-3c297a929d6c.gif)

## Future updates to app

- Add google maps
- Migrate database to PostgreSQL 
- Add tests
- Deploy to Heroku
- Add bootstrap 


## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/AlwinaO/conferences. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the BestIcecream project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/AlwinaO/best_icecream/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Copyright <2019> <AlwinaO>
